# hello-world

Hi Everybody,

The name that was given to me is Carlos, I am in a program at Fanshawe College called Interactive Media Development - 3D Visualization where I study coding and devloping websites and apps as well design aspects and user interace. My intentions for next summer is to begin a continuing education program the University of Toronto that focuses on AI and machine learning since I feel it would compliment the other programs I'm studying or intend to study as well as it becoming even more accessible emerging technogogy. Once I complete those two programs I would like to enroll in a post-graduate program at Fanshawe College named Visual Effects & Editing for Contemporary Media, the contents of that course deals with 3D animation and motion graphics assets with respect to video editing and content creation. I know it may come off across like a lot to take on but I see it a couple large task goals that I'm already working towards or will be starting in the near future.

As much as my aspirations and goals seem to be rooted in tech sector, my natural state is food and beverage specifically working in restuarants and bars as a bartender. Since starting in the workforce all of my jobs except my first working in construction have been food related and its been at least 10 years since then. I have worked in cafés, clubs, bars, lounges, and restuarants of all kinds at different levels of service working almost all positions aside from line cook and manager. I have a strong passion for cocktails, mixology, and food science and having the chance to explore those topics further in depth while also progressing as bartender and entertainig guests are some of the things I love about working in hospitality and the food + beverage industry.

My hobbies would include skateboarding, videogames, cooking, reading, watching anime, staying active and taking care of my body in addition to the two interest I mentioned above. My dream would be to find a way to pull all my interests together so that I can find a tangible calling that I'm happy with while also providing financial stability but until then I'm good with exploring them for free or seperate from each other.
